GitHub actions NFS tweaks (#5678)
backstage/community-plugins: workspaces/github-actions/.changeset/afraid-planes-matter.md

---
'@backstage-community/plugin-github-actions': patch
---

> **BREAKING** Removed the `entityGitHubActionsCard` entirely as this card was mistakenly added as an entity card rather than content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following changes where made to the alpha version of this plugin for the new frontend system:

Removed the `entityGitHubActionsCard` entirely as this card was mistakenly added as an entity card rather than content.
```

Realized we should provide context on these changes as they don't apply to all versions of the plugin.
